{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li426\ri380\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There were a few anomalies that were found in the NYPD crime datasets. The two datasets (historic and current crime) at hand were for crimes that were reported from 2006 till present. However, certain records had incorrect or bad entries in the Crime Start and End Date-Time columns. For instance, there were several crimes reported to have occurred in the year 1016\'97a typological error for the year 2016. These records were fixed and used in the analytic. A few records with year entries such as \'911026\'92 were dropped, as appropriate inferences could not be drawn. Certain records had timestamps of \'9224:00:00,\'92 and were corrected to \'9200:00:00.\'92\
\
\
\
Limitations\
Our proposed method to quantitatively study crime rates in the city of New York intends to test the appropriateness of employing New York City TLC data and NOAA weather data as a suitable indicator for criminal activity in different New York City neighborhoods. Although the results of our study produce a considerable degree of validity, our work suffers from a few limitations. In the age of app-based transportation technology, companies such as Uber and Lyft are challenging the age-old taxi industry. A significant portion of the city\'92s population makes use of these options over New York City taxis because of numerous reasons. For one, Uber\'92s new strategy of making their services more available in the outer boroughs of New York City where taxis are scarce and access to public transport is not easy. Nevertheless, the TLC industry is still strong and serves roughly 50% of city-wide taxi users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li426\ri380\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}